A new client brings documents, data,
people and decisions that often remain in separate files.
Vera carries them through one connected journey.
It starts with the incoming folder, builds the inventory,
gathers readable data and turns open points into precise requests.
It then uses that same evidence to structure identity data, executors,
beneficial owners, services and engagement terms.
The plans for engagement,
privacy and AI information share that basis with a draft AML assessment.
Actions, dates and reviews help keep the working file current.
The firm can see what is documented,
what remains open and what needs professional review.
From the first folder to a working client file that can be updated over time.